Coelhi was a drunk - he wore that as a badge of honour. He once wished to be a submarine builder, but no job he applied for would accept his degree in Brewing
from Ohio State as relevant work experience. Instead, Coelhi became an alcohol store licensing legal officer - a job he hated but that paid enough for him to
build a dingy laboratory in his basement that violated every possible health and safety rule in California's state codex.

Coelhi woke up on a divan that he somehow stole from his psychiatrist. He covered his face with his pillow and rolled around on his bed, grunting and wailing.
A flat football stapled to a plywood plank attached to four chair wheels came around the corner to Coelhi and coughed - in a synthetic, tinny, pre-programmed
way.

'Jessica,' Coelhi grunted, 'good morning!'
'It doesn't seem like a good mornin' for you, Coe boy!' it replied, a feeling of slight worry piercing its cybernetic sardonicism.
'Well, Jess - I, erm... had a rather interesting supper yesterday with an old friend I have and... well... I might've drunk a bit more than I should have.'
'I can see that, Coe. Come on, get up now.'

Jess was a personal assistant that Coelhi made on his beer-stained table one drunken Labour Day weekend out of a glass stopper and a microcontroller that he put inside a 
He trained it on a database of fables and Reddit posts about life decisions to work as a universal predictor - something that could predict the best choice one
can make in a given moment.
Coelhi tried to sell Jess to a larger company, but they did not see the potential in a sardonic decanter stopper that knew internet slang.

Coelhi let Jess take the driver's seat at his job. He let it decide what bit of what form to fill in a certain way to get it through Fort Colby's Alcohol Board, 
among many other similar bureaucratic things that he couldn't be bothered with. Today was no exception.
Coelhi lay a thick wad of forms and papers, all watermarked with the outdated, 90s-era logo of the Board. Jessica sat at his table, telling him the best things
to write in each of the myriads of boxes and Coelhi absent-mindedly wrote them down.
"This is the life," he said to himself, smiling.
